Fixing some typos [No OSDOCS] (#111806)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/external-secrets-operator-uninstall-helm.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> Using `helm delete` might delete all Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) and CRs. It is recommended to install the downstream Operator first if the namespace `external-secrets-operator` is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `helm delete` might delete all Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) and CRs. Red Hat recommends to install the downstream Operator first if the namespace `external-secrets-operator` is empty.
```

Author: We're not really supposed to use "recommends" much at all (especially "Red Hat recommends", per the SSG [here](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#recommend)). This PR is just fixing typos so I'm going to leave it as is.
